Add top-level dependencies block for Kotlin 2.2.20 (#5007)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/gradle/gradle-configure-project.md

</tab>
</tabs>

### Configure dependencies at the top level
<primary-label ref="experimental-opt-in"/>

> Starting with Kotlin 2.2.20, you can configure common dependencies in multiplatform projects using a top-level `dependencies {}` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure common dependencies in multiplatform projects using a top-level `dependencies {}` block.
```

Dependencies declared here behave as if they were added to the `commonMain` or `commonTest` source sets.

To use the top-level `dependencies {}` block, opt in by adding the `@OptIn(ExperimentalKotlinGradlePluginApi::class)`
annotation before the block:

<tabs group="build-script">
<tab title="Kotlin" group-key="kotlin">

```kotlin
kotlin {
    @OptIn(ExperimentalKotlinGradlePluginApi::class)
    dependencies {
        implementation("org.jetbrains.kotlinx:kotlinx-coroutines-core:%coroutinesVersion%")
    }
}
```

</tab>
<tab title="Groovy" group-key="groovy">

```groovy
kotlin {
    dependencies {
        implementation 'org.jetbrains.kotlinx:kotlinx-coroutines-core:%coroutinesVersion%'
    }
}
```

</tab>
</tabs>

> Add platform-specific dependencies inside the appropriate source sets of the `sourceSets {}` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add platform-specific dependencies inside the `sourceSets {}` block of the corresponding target.
```
